All that kind of. We were like, okay. But what if, what if, what.
If CNN and Fox news and all that, I know you hate them really,
but what if they just, you know, they create kind of this, this panic,
what if they just on 24,
7 car crashes and people dying from obesity and you know,
we'd be terrified. We'd be terrible. It's not in our face, but it's way worse.
So power so powerful, so powerful. Um,
they can get the people to believe in anything, anything, anything,
if they say, they said, guess what? We found,
Santa Claus's bones in the mountains and in Norway,
people would believe that they could do a lot of people. You know,
they'd be like, you know what, dude, you know, they found Santa Claus bones,
there'd.
Be flying up there. And a dude, the media's powerful.
As.
He's super powerful.
This, this disease is a good example of it.
It's not something that we shouldn't be afraid of. We should,
we should definitely be afraid.
We should be afraid of something that could come down the pipe.
That's more deadly. That's what we should be afraid of.
That's what those people, the center for disease control told me and Duncan,
we did a show there years ago. They were saying, well,
we really have to worry about, as these diseases, just jumping at people.
He said, it happens all the time. He can't control it.
But learn from China, learned from Italy. Like they were unprepared.
They didn't take it.
Or maybe they just didn't know it didn't have the resources,
but learn from their mistakes. You know.
Price information. They tried to suppress information. China.
You're busy with the moon. You know, they, they went to the moon who to China.
They went.
To the moon things. Different people. No, no.
China.
1 Million people, a lot of.
People here.
They went, they got video. You can.
Watch the and blast it out.
No, they did. But no one [inaudible].
That drone to the surface of the moon too.
Kind of go to the dark side of the moon. That's kind of dope.
That's hilarious. I need the Chinese are awesome. Come on.
This is the other thing, Joe. A bit about the coronavirus and Karen Calla,
jump on this.
And then she's called it. Oh.
This is the best you've.
Ever dressed. Oh, you have a kombucha and a water bottle. That's it.
It's appointed like great, Easy,
slow down cooties.
Come on. We don't shake hands around her elbow.
Up.
Uh, but with the Chrome, they're also saying that, you know,
because the lack of testing, there might be way more people with it.
So it shows that how, how,
it's not that deadly because we know how many people die. That's for sure.
But we don't know how many people have it. So it could be a less DeLeon.
And we think, well, I like to think of the glass half full Joe.
It doesn't make you and your texts worry me.
What does it make you think about the flu too? I mean,
if this is supposed to be 10 times more,
potentially 10 times more deadly than the flu, right?
This is what the worst case scenario.
They make a lot of predictions. They do and have.
To try it.
Right with these predictions and we start going, you're right.
How often are they? Right.
Right. But if they are right, we have to be prepared for the worst. See,
it's still the best fit. Exactly.
It can be an inconvenience to be prepared for the worst. It should really,
it should open up our minds and our, our, our brains as to what is causing this.
And is there another way to generate food? How about community.
When we're old, when we're in our eighties,
the kids during those times are going to look at us as weird because like old
people love toilet paper. They just hoard toilet paper.
Because from this point on, we have never lived through toilet paper shortage.
I have never heard about that.
Toilet paper shorts are really the, what the problem is,
is way bigger than that. It's making diseases,
raise food is making disease childhood.
In China. I wasn't talking about that in China.
And I'm just talking about toilet paper I was talking about.
But I'm saying just it's crazy. We were,
we were making viruses like avian flu. That was bird agriculture, right?
The swine flu. That was a pig agriculture.
When they jam all these animals together,
occasionally one of those bugs will jump. Let's.
Buttons.
Didn't [inaudible].
Fevers came from fruit.
Bats, I think. Yeah. That came from another animal.
And then one that was different from there's a, I mean,
there's tons of these flus though. Brian are the ones that jumped.
And they're all, they're all considered Corona virus.
They're all labeled as Corona viruses. They're just different type of disease.
They're all the same strain.
Apparently was a more deadly, even than this one.
It's a wake-up call, man.
It's a wake up call for anybody that has anything to do with regulating
how people raise food. But like, there's been mistakes made,
but this does seem like.
Like a wide.
This does seem like a massive overreaction in terms of a virus that only kills
people who are what the mean age is 81.
One that guy Sam Harris told me about some dude is in his fifties is on a
ventilator.
Bad immune.
System who knows what could have happened. Who knows what could have happened,
buddy could Dak it happen. That's not a normal thing for a guy who's really fit.
Here. You know, my dad's 60, my dad's terrified. And I got that thing you said.
And he said, I think to the group text where it says,
Trump confirmed coronavirus. She click on it.
It's just this dude sitting on a bed with this black dude with this famous,
with the fattest Cognos in your life. It's great. So I said to my,
I thought it was funny. I sent it to my dad. Didn't find it funny at all.
He put what the would find this funny. I'm like, yeah.
Oh God, Tom Segura sent us a picture that says, if you know this guy's face,
you have up friends. Yes.
Is he a real porn.
Star? Oh my God. If he is, he's the best dude.
[inaudible] who was he fighting? These are good fights.
This is a really good car. Johnny Walker is fighting.
Gilbert burns going to be Maya, Maya. Great fight.
Who is the natto McConnell fighting? Um, God, Jamie, do you have the,
the cards pretty stacked?
It's better than the last card.
It's a very good card. And usually in.
Brazil, they show up when there's no one in the crowd. Weird.
Is Rinaldo. Oh, this is a good fight. Toronado.
67 Years old, but this is a good role.
He's a bad though. That guy throws dude.
He is from the beginning of his career. He's always, always been a dangerous,
a dangerous, dangerous.
And listen. Cause there's no crowd.
And you just hear Michael Bisping's voice narrating it. Right? Commentating.
It sounds like you're watching a golf event. Cause he,
cause they're kind of subdued too, because there's no energy. So he's like,
and he goes to Mount elbow here.
Oh my God. There's nobody here. There's nobody here. No, there's no one.
There's no one in the crowd bro. We're living in a movie. Oh, it's so weird.
Strange ever. We're living in a movie. It's a hormone.
Why didn't we have this reaction with H one N one that, that put a lot of people
[inaudible] here. Right? But, but the swine flu was.
A lot of people [inaudible] this is madness. It's insane.
This is madness is an empty arena. And the, I still.
Do Tom Hanks has it. You son of a.
And guess what? He'll be fine.
He'll be fine.
It's Tom Hanks. I don't get it. I'm still confused. Nobody's told me why this,
this virus. No, none of the it's all theories. Well,
there's some real dangers that it might be as much as 10 to 15 times stronger.
The media, the media is running with this because it's bad for Trump. I did.
And it kills the economy. That's all.
The virus cologists have that in mind when they make their decisions.
I think all these disease experts are trying to save millions of people from
unnecessarily dying. They're trying to stop a disease in its tracks.
That's what they're doing. They've done this forever with polio.
They've done this with smallpox. This is what they do. They try to stop.
Track diseases are trying to kill us every day.
It's as if we have a war and there's a war against viruses.
It's a re it's almost like a real war against a thing.
But we don't think of it as a thing because it's it's, you can't see it,
but it's uh, it's an attack on the human system.
It's an attack on human beings and it's constant and it's evolving.
It's always changing. There's too many of us. And that's what it recognizes.
And it's trying to get rid of us this crazy.
I'm learning how to have, how many people,
how many people have died in the U S so far, 50,050, no fifties,
50th. And what is the average? What is the average?
81 and the MBA and all canceled. Everything.
Everything canceled because nobody in the audience then the average age is 80.
Yeah. You would think about going home.
You would think if you just found out about this,
you just woke up from a coma and then you see how everything's kind of was you
would be thinking people were dying on the streets running.
It was like the zombie apocalypse. That's why I'm asking stay home.
There's som bees on the streets.
That's what you would think exactly what you would think. Right?
But the average age of the people dying in the United States is
80 and half of them are from an old folks home in Washington.
How did they get? And then you, you see on the back of a Lysol bottle,
it says, it lists all the viruses that it kills. And it says human coronavirus.
I'm like, oh, I thought this was a new, oh, but it's a different strain.
You know? So I'm like, wait a minute. The average age is eight.
Pause for a second. When give people the time. It's a two 30 of the first round
2 29, 2 28, 2 27, 2 26, 2 25.
So if you want to sync it up, we're watching John Mack, Desi versus tree.
Now though Francisco Chinelo Paul versus unorthodox. Although bad-ass,
kickboxer, he's a shy with our saying, he's always a dangerous, yeah,
he never has like an off night. He's just such like he's been.
Fighting since he was seven.
It is a weird thing to see no audience.
And it's a weird thing to think that so many people are so afraid of this,
that they don't do anything and go out.
But it kind of makes sense if it's as bad as they think it is. Now,
if it's not as bad as they think it is,
the problem is there's going to be a lot of people that are not going to believe
them. The next something comes up to tonight.
No, no, no. They'll believe everyone did.
We believed every one so far the younger generation people forget. No, no.
No, no, no. Some people.
This is going to work. All I know, I know it always wore, I don't know.
It always works. It works every two years, Ebola.
Well, I don't think it's a works Eddie.
I think there's a constant battle going on between people and viruses.
This is a story that has a real [inaudible]
, But it has a real clear beginning. And you could follow the history of viruses in the United States and in the world,
like a little herds, right? Where it's weak people to be about this. He calls
it the boomer virus. When people.
Take out.
The young polio or the Spanish flu, right. That was really bad for young guys.
[inaudible] it was killing a lot of guys with great immune systems by some,
some way, the way it attacks.
And this is what the 1920 or w.
Didn't hygiene fix most of that sanitation. Yeah.
Eddie does it. It fixes a lot of infrastructure. Doesn't stop it viruses.
All Brian is saying, all Brian is saying is where are the bodies?
That's all he says, oh no, no. I heard the bodies.
I hear you describe what the disease was.
A guy just woke up from a coma and then like, he must've gone. Oh my God,
the NBA canceled. There's nobody at the UFC. This is insane. Flew from Austin.
The guy would think like, what is it?
A thousand times more powerful than the flu, right? And then you would say,
well, it's not even quite the flu is so far this year, the flu is kicking its.
Cause 20,000 people in the U S have died so far since January 1st.
But.
The thing is so far relatively new.
Thinking. It's going to, I know they don't know.
My, my,
my thing is maybe that we're trying to be the scientists and CDC might be
saying,
let's stop a peak in cases that overwhelm hospitals in our
infrastructure, because we don't have the infrastructure yet to deal with this.
This might be a very good dry run for us.
When we really do face a major virus that that's, you know, really a killer,
well, a wake up.
Call to people that are living their lives. Like, like this can't happen.
What about the, I'm.
One of those right now.
They're like, finally, the world comes to my level.
Come on down now. Right now it's,
it's hard to buy hand sanitizer and no one wants to shake hands. Yeah.
So we're like cleaner than we've ever been as, as a society.
But then homeless are the dirtiest ever of whether
they're finding you in history.
[inaudible].
Right.
And.
We don't want to be rude. No one says.
No one is
[inaudible] everyone's wearing a face mask. Nobody's shaking hands anymore.
There's going to be a time when we say, dude,
remember when people used to shake cats. Why did you have any? When I was a kid,
I remember that kids would, should really do to touch hand.
We all,
we all have to recognize when it comes to the homeless or anything like that.
It's like, you're not responsible for other people's actions. Now,
some people might have done things to get them to that position that were
foolish or they got addicted to drugs or their life fell apart. All these,
all these things could be contributors, right?
But you're not responsible for them.
And to pretend that we are and that we should just leave them.
There is ridiculous. Like it, like if,
if someone was just littering where they are and just throwing in the street and
throwing needles in the street, you'd arrest them. But you don't arrest them.
And they're setting up camps under these bridges. Like this is nonsense.
You got to figure this out. And either you got to either find them some way,
some form of cheap housing for people,
which is what they're trying to do. Medical health services, medical change,
whatever the budget is for other things, it's gotta to be shifted to that.
Right? Like that's a real problem.
I think, I think there's,
there should be someone out there interviewing as many as pot Lama. Crazy.
Maybe they have a story,
but nobody will listen to them because they're crazy and homeless.
But maybe like, why are these people on the street all of a sudden,
like what the.